schedule/README.md, before:

# Schedule

### Fall 2018 • Clarisa Diaz • Tuesdays and Thursdays • 8:30-10:20am • 2MTC MAGNET 811

## Schedule

Gitbook is the official source for all dates and assignments; the syllabus is NOT. The syllabus provides a general overview and guideline for the course. The website is a living, dynamic document. Active learning requires flexibility and the investigation of unforeseen paths which may diverge from the specifics outlined below.

**All dates and assignments are subject to change at the discretion of the professor! Gitbook is the official source for all dates and assignments.**

_Gitbook is a living, dynamic source. If there are any changes to the schedule in the syllabus, I will note these changes on gitbook AND in person during class._

OPTIONAL: **Get Training at **[**Tandon's MakerSpace.**](https://wp.nyu.edu/makerspace/training-calendar/)
| wk | Tuesdays \(Due on Date Listed\) | Thursdays \(Due on Date Listed\) |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Sep 4 [Course and Student Introductions Overview of Course](week-1-detail-sep-04.md) | Sep 6 [Personal Inventories](week-1-detail-sep-04.md) |
| 2 | Sept 11 [Influences and Interests Collages \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-2-detail-sep-11.md) | Sep 13 [In-class Exercise](week-2-detail-sep-11.md) |
|  | Mon Sep 17 Last day to drop Fall 2018 classes and not receive a grade of "W" |  |
| 3 | Sep 18 [Everything is a Remix Classmate Discovery \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-3-detail-sep-18.md) | Sep 20 [Remix ArtistsBrainstorm Creators](week-3-detail-sep-18.md) |
| 4 | Sep 25 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [Discuss Creative Process Select Creator and Form Midterm Teams](week-4-detail-sep-25.md) | Sep 27 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[Create Individual Annotated Bibliography Draft Create Individual Mood Board Draft Create Individual Image or Text Storyboard Draft \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-4-detail-sep-25.md) |
| 5 | Oct 02 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [\(if applicable\) constant input or output Create Team Annotated Bibliography DraftCreate Team Mood Board Draft Create Team Image or Text Storyboard Draft](week-5-detail-oct-02.md) | Oct 04 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[\(if applicable\) Iterate Team Annotated Bibliography Draft \(if applicable\) Iterate Mood Board Draft \(if applicable\) Iterate Team Image or Text Storyboard Draft \(if applicable\) Create Animatic Draft](week-5-detail-oct-02.md) |
| 6 | Oct 09 [**NO CLASS - Legislative Day -Classes will meet according to a Monday schedule] Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [\(if applicable\) constant input or output \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Animatic Draft \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft or \(if applicable\) Create Video Draft](week-6-detail-oct-09.md) | Oct 11 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[\(if applicable\) Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Video Draft](week-6-detail-oct-09.md) |
| 7 | Oct 16 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [\(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Video Draft \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-7-detail-oct-16.md) | Oct 18 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[\(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Video Draft](week-7-detail-oct-16.md) |
| 8 | Oct 23 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [\(if applicable\) Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Video Draft \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-8-detail-oct-23.md) | Oct 25 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[\(if applicable\) Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Iterate Video Draft](week-8-detail-oct-23.md) |
|  | **Midterm One on Ones**  Tuesday 10/30 or Thursday 11/1   Midterm Self-Assessment DUE |  |
| 9 | Oct 30 [**Creative Process Video Documentary DUE Final Annotated Bibliography DUE \(if applicable\) constant input or output**](week-9-detail-oct-30.md) | Nov 1 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Brainstorm Themes & Ideas Ideate Framing Story Ideate Message](week-9-detail-oct-30.md) |
|  | Mon Nov 5 **Last Day to Withdraw** |  |
| 10 | Nov 6 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Love Letter or Breakup LetterAnnotated BibliographyIterate Framing StoryIterate Message \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-10-detail-nov-06.md) | Nov 8 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Evolution Timeline Annotated Bibliography Iterate Framing Story Iterate Message](week-10-detail-nov-06.md) |
| 11 | Nov 13 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [\(if applicable\) Revised Evolution Timeline Read "One Designer Shares: How to Use Design to Tell a Story" by Kevin Quinn and respond on process blogWatch "Ira Glass on storytelling \(all 4 parts\)" on YouTube and respond on process blogBrainstorm, Sketch, & Map Object\(s\) Brainstorm, Sketch, & Map Delivery Medium Secondary Research \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-11-detail-nov-13.md) | Nov 15 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project:[Iterate Sketches & Maps of Object\(s\) Iterate Sketches & Maps of Delivery Medium Secondary Research](week-11-detail-nov-13.md) |
| 12 | Nov 20 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Storyboard Draft of Delivery Medium \(OPTIONAL\) Lo-fi Prototype Draft of Delivery Medium Lo-fi Physical Prototype Draft of Object or Experience \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-12-detail-nov-20.md) | Nov 22 NO CLASS: Thanksgiving Holiday |
| 13 | Nov 27 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Iterate Storyboard Draft of Delivery Medium \(OPTIONAL\) Lo-fi Prototype Draft of Delivery Medium Iterate Lo-fi Physical Prototype Draft of Object or Experience \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-13-detail-nov-27.md) | Nov 29 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Lo-fi Prototype Delivery Medium Hi-fi Prototype Draft of Object](week-13-detail-nov-27.md) |
| 14 | Dec 4 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: Iterate Lo-fi Prototype Delivery Medium Iterate Hi-fi Prototype Draft of Object | Dec 6 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: Iterate Lo-fi Prototype Delivery Medium Iterate Hi-fi Prototype Draft of Object |
| 15 | Dec 11 [**Future Dystopia / Utopia Project DUE**](../projects/future-dystopia-utopia-project.md) Future Dystopia / Utopia Project Annotated Bibliography DUE | [**Dec 13 - Final In Class Presentations of Future Dystopia/Utopia Project**]
|  | **Final One on Ones: Reflections and Feedback** Tuesday 12/18 or Thursday 12/20   |  |

Commit message:

revised week 1-2, nyu academic calendar

schedule/README.md, after:

# Schedule

### Fall 2018 • Clarisa Diaz • Tuesdays and Thursdays • 8:30-10:20am • 2MTC MAGNET 811

## Schedule

Gitbook is the official source for all dates and assignments; the syllabus is NOT. The syllabus provides a general overview and guideline for the course. The website is a living, dynamic document. Active learning requires flexibility and the investigation of unforeseen paths which may diverge from the specifics outlined below.

**All dates and assignments are subject to change at the discretion of the professor! Gitbook is the official source for all dates and assignments.**

_Gitbook is a living, dynamic source. If there are any changes to the schedule in the syllabus, I will note these changes on gitbook AND in person during class._

OPTIONAL: **Get Training at **[**Tandon's MakerSpace.**](https://wp.nyu.edu/makerspace/training-calendar/)
| wk | Tuesdays \(Due on Date Listed\) | Thursdays \(Due on Date Listed\) |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Sep 4 [Course and Student Introductions Overview of Course, Ways of Seeing](week-1-detail-sep-04.md) | Sep 6 [Personal Inventories, Design Research Methodologies](week-1-detail-sep-04.md) |
| 2 | Sept 11 [Influences and Interests Collages \(if applicable\) constant input or output, Classmate Discovery](week-2-detail-sep-11.md) | Sep 13 [Classmate Discovery](week-2-detail-sep-11.md) |
|  | Mon Sep 17 Last day to drop Fall 2018 classes and not receive a grade of "W". Refer to the [NYU academic calendar](https://www.nyu.edu/registrar/calendars/university-academic-calendar.html#1188) |
| 3 | Sep 18 [Everything is a Remix Classmate Discovery \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-3-detail-sep-18.md) | Sep 20 [Remix ArtistsBrainstorm Creators](week-3-detail-sep-18.md) |
| 4 | Sep 25 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [Discuss Creative Process Select Creator and Form Midterm Teams](week-4-detail-sep-25.md) | Sep 27 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[Create Individual Annotated Bibliography Draft Create Individual Mood Board Draft Create Individual Image or Text Storyboard Draft \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-4-detail-sep-25.md) |
| 5 | Oct 02 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [\(if applicable\) constant input or output Create Team Annotated Bibliography DraftCreate Team Mood Board Draft Create Team Image or Text Storyboard Draft](week-5-detail-oct-02.md) | Oct 04 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[\(if applicable\) Iterate Team Annotated Bibliography Draft \(if applicable\) Iterate Mood Board Draft \(if applicable\) Iterate Team Image or Text Storyboard Draft \(if applicable\) Create Animatic Draft](week-5-detail-oct-02.md) |
| 6 | Oct 09 [**NO CLASS - Legislative Day -Classes will meet according to a Monday schedule. Refer to the [NYU academic calendar](https://www.nyu.edu/registrar/calendars/university-academic-calendar.html#1188)] Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [\(if applicable\) constant input or output \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Animatic Draft \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft or \(if applicable\) Create Video Draft](week-6-detail-oct-09.md) | Oct 11 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[\(if applicable\) Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Video Draft](week-6-detail-oct-09.md) |
| 7 | Oct 16 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [\(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Video Draft \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-7-detail-oct-16.md) | Oct 18 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[\(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Video Draft](week-7-detail-oct-16.md) |
| 8 | Oct 23 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary: [\(if applicable\) Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Create or Iterate Video Draft \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-8-detail-oct-23.md) | Oct 25 Creative Process Annotated Bibliography and Video Documentary:[\(if applicable\) Iterate Hybrid Animatic / Video Draft \(if applicable\) Iterate Video Draft](week-8-detail-oct-23.md) |
|  | **Midterm One on Ones**  Tuesday 10/30 or Thursday 11/1   Midterm Self-Assessment DUE |  |
| 9 | Oct 30 [**Creative Process Video Documentary DUE Final Annotated Bibliography DUE \(if applicable\) constant input or output**](week-9-detail-oct-30.md) | Nov 1 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Brainstorm Themes & Ideas Ideate Framing Story Ideate Message](week-9-detail-oct-30.md) |
|  | Mon Nov 5 **Last Day to Withdraw** Refer to the [NYU academic calendar](https://www.nyu.edu/registrar/calendars/university-academic-calendar.html#1188) |
| 10 | Nov 6 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Love Letter or Breakup Letter Annotated BibliographyIterate Framing StoryIterate Message \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-10-detail-nov-06.md) | Nov 8 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Evolution Timeline Annotated Bibliography Iterate Framing Story Iterate Message](week-10-detail-nov-06.md) |
| 11 | Nov 13 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [\(if applicable\) Revised Evolution Timeline Read "One Designer Shares: How to Use Design to Tell a Story" by Kevin Quinn and respond on process blogWatch "Ira Glass on storytelling \(all 4 parts\)" on YouTube and respond on process blogBrainstorm, Sketch, & Map Object\(s\) Brainstorm, Sketch, & Map Delivery Medium Secondary Research \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-11-detail-nov-13.md) | Nov 15 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project:[Iterate Sketches & Maps of Object\(s\) Iterate Sketches & Maps of Delivery Medium Secondary Research](week-11-detail-nov-13.md) |
| 12 | Nov 20 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Storyboard Draft of Delivery Medium \(OPTIONAL\) Lo-fi Prototype Draft of Delivery Medium Lo-fi Physical Prototype Draft of Object or Experience \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-12-detail-nov-20.md) | Nov 22 NO CLASS: Thanksgiving Holiday |
| 13 | Nov 27 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Iterate Storyboard Draft of Delivery Medium \(OPTIONAL\) Lo-fi Prototype Draft of Delivery Medium Iterate Lo-fi Physical Prototype Draft of Object or Experience \(if applicable\) constant input or output](week-13-detail-nov-27.md) | Nov 29 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: [Lo-fi Prototype Delivery Medium Hi-fi Prototype Draft of Object](week-13-detail-nov-27.md) |
| 14 | Dec 4 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: Iterate Lo-fi Prototype Delivery Medium Iterate Hi-fi Prototype Draft of Object | Dec 6 Future Dystopia / Utopia Project: Iterate Lo-fi Prototype Delivery Medium Iterate Hi-fi Prototype Draft of Object |
| 15 | Dec 11 [**Future Dystopia / Utopia Project DUE**](../projects/future-dystopia-utopia-project.md) Future Dystopia / Utopia Project Annotated Bibliography DUE | [**Dec 13 - Final In Class Presentations of Future Dystopia/Utopia Project**]
|  | **Final One on Ones: Reflections and Feedback** Tuesday 12/18 or Thursday 12/20   |  |
